You look lovely, Ling Ling.
Thanks. You look great too.
That's a nice handbag.
It's my mother's.
Are you enjoying the party?
Yes, I am.
But I feel a bit sad.
I don't know when we'll be back in this hall together again.
I'm going to miss you all.
Yes, we'll all miss each other.
Hey, Tony.
You hung international flags on the walls.
They make the hall wonderful.
They look okay, don't they?
Listen to the music.
It's got a great beat.
Pardon?
Oh, yes. But it's a bit noisy.
Do you intend to stay in China for long, Tony?
I hope so.
And even if I go back to the UK,
I'll come back and visit you all.
What about you, Betty?
I'll finish my high school education here,
but I want to go back to my hometown one day.
What are your plans, darling?
I want to become an English teacher.
Good for you.
Come on, let's fetch something to eat.
What's on the menu?
How about a hot dog?
Or some pancakes?
And we've got some apple juice.
Let's raise our glasses.
Here's to our friendship, everyone.
And to the future.
Cheers!
And now, excuse me, I must make a speech.